Copy-pasta the code of conduct (#3)
Austin-Devops/austin-devops: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> # Conference Code of Conduct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Code of Conduct

_Modified from https://confcodeofconduct.com/_
```

> All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event. We expect cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our events are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the event. We expect cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.
```

> # Need Help?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Need Help?
```

> You have our contact details in the emails we've sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have our contact details in the emails we've sent. You can also reach out to us on hangops Slack, or approach any of us in person. We pledge to take any concerns seriously and follow up completely.
```

> # The Quick Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Quick Version
```

> Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organisers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our events are dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of any participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Event participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the event and future events without a refund at the discretion of the event organizers.
```

> # The Less Quick Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Less Quick Version
```

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

> Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior by anyone, not just the event organizers, are expected to comply immediately.
```

> Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other material. Booth staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualised clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. If there are booths at an event, booth staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualized environment.
```

> If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the event and future events with no refund.
```

> If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately. Conference staff can be identified as they'll be wearing branded clothing and/or badges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately. You may directly address the situation, as well, if you feel comfortable doing so, but event staff are here to address any and all situations falling under this code of conduct. Event staff can be identified as they'll be wearing branded clothing, badges, or otherwise will identify themselves clearly at smaller events.
```

> Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event staff will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.
```

> We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues and conference-related social events.

Author: Need to add _inspired/taken from:_ http://confcodeofconduct.com/

Reviewer 2: and maybe alter the language from "conference" to "meetup" or something similar?

> We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues and conference-related social events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect participants to follow these rules at all event venues and event-related social events.
```
